I think that one of the biggest challenges for me will be learning to think like a professional programmer. What I mean by this is learning to think about how to solve a problem on my won before asking others for help on how to solve it. I will work to overcome this by holding my questions and seeing if I can answer them on my own first, that if I still don't know how to go about solving a problem than I will ask for help. Another thing that will be a challenge for me is using two spaces inorder to indent insted of using the tab key. I will work to fix this by retraining my muscle memory to use two spaces insted of the tab key.

The difference in the three loops, for, while, and do-while is a for loop will only repet for a set amount of times where as a while loop will only run if certain peramiters are met. For example you might only want a loop to run if a user is inputting a password and if it's not right the program will return a message saying inncorrect password. On the other hand a do-while loop is where the program will do something than while that something is going it will loop something else.

It is important to first wright out your thought process than turn it into code because you are able to think through what you want to do before putting it to code. Another reason that this is an important step for anybody is because it helps other people understand your thought process and what your trying to do with the code. Without this people helping are just gueessing what you are trying to do. This will help in my future classes because if I'm ever stuck on a problem I can work it out in psudocode first than use that to help me solve the problem.
