I think the most important thing that I learned this week would be the fact that the more you practice wrighting code the better you will become. I say this because if you don't put in time to do some practice you won't learn as well as somebody that has put hours into learning how to code properly, and with the skills and know how to do the work without having to rely on having to look things up to make sure it's being done right. I thingk that another important thing I learned this week was if you don't know the answer to a question don't be afraid to look it up or ask it to the class. This is important because most of the time when you have a question someone else was wondering the same thing, and they where just afraid to ask the question because it might seem like a stupid question.

High and low level programming languages talk to each other in a way that doesn't need to make sense to us, rather only to the computer. higher level programs are good at hiding things, so to say, this works because they don't necessarily need all the details that lower level programs need. This is a process called abstraction, where the higher level programs hide, or take away, unnecessary details to focus more on ideas.

One of the ways that being flexiable with values and types can be helpful would be that Javascript can automatically convert things to other things, for example the string "17" can be converted into the number 17 in the contex that it is being operated on. However that can also get in the way of your code for example if you don't want a string like "17" to be changed into a number you would have to specify that to the computer, and in turn the code.
